{
    "docs": [
        {
            "location": "/", 
            "text": "RPID Project\n\n\nOverview\n\n\nIt has become good data practice to use persistent identifiers (PIDs) to identify digital data products whether a product is a collection, a file, or an object of some type. Naming solutions for digital data products eventually resolve a PID down to the digital object it identifies, but \nthe current landscape is limited by multiple solutions with weak interoperability, and inconsistent protocols\n for getting from PID to data object. In a world of increasing PID use, we will soon be awash with billions of PIDs that all resolve to data objects using various inconsistent and unpredictable approaches, making it difficult to build higher level services that cross the various approaches. \n\n\nIn this 12+24 month project, \nwe will stand up and support a robust PID testbed\n (called the RPID testbed (pronounced \"rapid\") to stimulate and enable evaluation of powerful new complementary outputs of the \nResearch Data Alliance\n (RDA) in PID oriented data management. The testbed is \nresponsive to data driven priorities in science and education\n, specifically as part of the cyberinfrastructure ecosystem that accelerates a broad spectrum of data-intensive research (NSF Director unveils 2016). The advancements developed and tested here we believe have the \ntransformative magnitude to stimulate an entire ecosystem of new discovery services\n for research data.\n\n\nServices\n\n\n\n\nHandle Service - Development services can be seen at https://handle-dev.grid.iu.edu:8080\n\n\nData Type Registry - Development services can be see at https://dtr-dev.grid.iu.edu:8080\n\n\nRDA PID Kernel Information WG profiles - several strawman profiles will be available for experimentation. End of Summer '17\n\n\nRDA Collections WG API. End of Summer '17 \n\n\nRDA PIT API - enhanced to work with PID Kernel Information profile; available as a downloadable SDK. End of Summer '17\n\n\n\n\nOpen Access for Data Science Researchers\n\n\nUsage Policies\n\n\n\n\nThe RPID testbed can be used for research, education, non-profit, or pre-competitive use\n\n\nThe RPID testbed assigns only test handles, allowing for exploratory work. \n\n\nHandles assigned by the testbed will be on a project basis, to avoid collisions. Your prefix will be 11723.9.test.(proj_name)\n\n\nProjects interested in using the testbed are strongly advised to join the RPID User Advisory Group\n\n\nFollow the work at https://github.com/rpidproject.  \n\n\nTo join the RPID User Advisory Group or otherwise reach us, we are at rpid-l@iu.edu\n\n\n\n\nRequesting Access\n\n\n\n\nPlease contact the RPID working group at rpid-l@iu.edu to get started.   You will register your project, be assigned a prefix, and can then start using the services. \n\n\n\n\nCommunicate With the Project Team\n\n\nPlease feel free to contact the RPID Project Team at rpid-l@iu.edu \n\n\nDisclaimer\n\n\nThis material is based upon work supported by the National Science Foundation under Grant No. 1659310. Any opinions, findings, and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily reflect the views of the National Science Foundation.", 
            "title": "Home"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/#rpid-project", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "RPID Project"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/#overview", 
            "text": "It has become good data practice to use persistent identifiers (PIDs) to identify digital data products whether a product is a collection, a file, or an object of some type. Naming solutions for digital data products eventually resolve a PID down to the digital object it identifies, but  the current landscape is limited by multiple solutions with weak interoperability, and inconsistent protocols  for getting from PID to data object. In a world of increasing PID use, we will soon be awash with billions of PIDs that all resolve to data objects using various inconsistent and unpredictable approaches, making it difficult to build higher level services that cross the various approaches.   In this 12+24 month project,  we will stand up and support a robust PID testbed  (called the RPID testbed (pronounced \"rapid\") to stimulate and enable evaluation of powerful new complementary outputs of the  Research Data Alliance  (RDA) in PID oriented data management. The testbed is  responsive to data driven priorities in science and education , specifically as part of the cyberinfrastructure ecosystem that accelerates a broad spectrum of data-intensive research (NSF Director unveils 2016). The advancements developed and tested here we believe have the  transformative magnitude to stimulate an entire ecosystem of new discovery services  for research data.", 
            "title": "Overview"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/#services", 
            "text": "Handle Service - Development services can be seen at https://handle-dev.grid.iu.edu:8080  Data Type Registry - Development services can be see at https://dtr-dev.grid.iu.edu:8080  RDA PID Kernel Information WG profiles - several strawman profiles will be available for experimentation. End of Summer '17  RDA Collections WG API. End of Summer '17   RDA PIT API - enhanced to work with PID Kernel Information profile; available as a downloadable SDK. End of Summer '17", 
            "title": "Services"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/#open-access-for-data-science-researchers", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "Open Access for Data Science Researchers"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/#usage-policies", 
            "text": "The RPID testbed can be used for research, education, non-profit, or pre-competitive use  The RPID testbed assigns only test handles, allowing for exploratory work.   Handles assigned by the testbed will be on a project basis, to avoid collisions. Your prefix will be 11723.9.test.(proj_name)  Projects interested in using the testbed are strongly advised to join the RPID User Advisory Group  Follow the work at https://github.com/rpidproject.    To join the RPID User Advisory Group or otherwise reach us, we are at rpid-l@iu.edu", 
            "title": "Usage Policies"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/#requesting-access", 
            "text": "Please contact the RPID working group at rpid-l@iu.edu to get started.   You will register your project, be assigned a prefix, and can then start using the services.", 
            "title": "Requesting Access"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/#communicate-with-the-project-team", 
            "text": "Please feel free to contact the RPID Project Team at rpid-l@iu.edu", 
            "title": "Communicate With the Project Team"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/#disclaimer", 
            "text": "This material is based upon work supported by the National Science Foundation under Grant No. 1659310. Any opinions, findings, and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily reflect the views of the National Science Foundation.", 
            "title": "Disclaimer"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/01-August-2018/", 
            "text": "RPID Meeting Agenda Items\n\n\nWednesday 13:00 EDT\nhttps://iu.zoom.us/j/300135894\n\n\nAttendees:\n\n\nApologies:\n\n\nRPID Meeting Minutes\n\n\nE-RPID Proposal\n\n\n\n\nRecommended\n\n\nProposal: 1839013 Can be found on research.gov\n\n\n\n\nScience Gateways Research Center Briefing\n\n\n\n\nTomorrow 15:15 EDT\n\n\nRob and Yu will attend\n\n\nRob will introduce DOA and the RPID Testbed\n\n\nYu will talk about the test cases\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nRDA Leadership Meeting\n\n\n\n\nSeptemeber 24-26, Troy, NY\n\n\n\n\nPreparing for IDW\n\n\n\n\nUsual suspect sessions\n\n\nUnusual suspects? \n\n\n\n\nAWS Services\n\n\n\n\nTufts AWS Account\n\n\nMove to Jetstream? \n\n\n\n\nOther Business\n\n\n\n\nTraining Materials\n\n\nUse Cases for RDA PID KI Principles\n\n\nEvaluation of these principles for SEADTrain\n\n\nOther items", 
            "title": "01-August-2018"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/01-August-2018/#rpid-meeting-agenda-items", 
            "text": "Wednesday 13:00 EDT\nhttps://iu.zoom.us/j/300135894", 
            "title": "RPID Meeting Agenda Items"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/01-August-2018/#attendees", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "Attendees:"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/01-August-2018/#apologies", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "Apologies:"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/01-August-2018/#rpid-meeting-minutes", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "RPID Meeting Minutes"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/01-August-2018/#e-rpid-proposal", 
            "text": "Recommended  Proposal: 1839013 Can be found on research.gov", 
            "title": "E-RPID Proposal"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/01-August-2018/#science-gateways-research-center-briefing", 
            "text": "Tomorrow 15:15 EDT  Rob and Yu will attend  Rob will introduce DOA and the RPID Testbed  Yu will talk about the test cases", 
            "title": "Science Gateways Research Center Briefing"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/01-August-2018/#rda-leadership-meeting", 
            "text": "Septemeber 24-26, Troy, NY", 
            "title": "RDA Leadership Meeting"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/01-August-2018/#preparing-for-idw", 
            "text": "Usual suspect sessions  Unusual suspects?", 
            "title": "Preparing for IDW"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/01-August-2018/#aws-services", 
            "text": "Tufts AWS Account  Move to Jetstream?", 
            "title": "AWS Services"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/01-August-2018/#other-business", 
            "text": "Training Materials  Use Cases for RDA PID KI Principles  Evaluation of these principles for SEADTrain  Other items", 
            "title": "Other Business"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/31-January-2018/", 
            "text": "RPID Group Meeting 30-January-2018\n\n\nWednesday 13:00 EDT https://iu.zoom.us/j/300135894\n\n\nNot your standard RPID Meeting Agenda\n\n\nUAG Meeting this Friday\n\n\n\n\nReview Agenda Rob sent around\n\n\nCheck attendance\n\n\nAny specific talking points we would like to stress\n\n\n\n\nAnnual Report\n\n\n\n\nDue 28-February-2018\n\n\nRob will get initial draft up for collaborative writing by the end of this week. \n\n\nThis will get a lot of focus between the AUG meeting Friday and the end of February. \n\n\n\n\nSupplemental Proposal\n\n\n\n\nUp to 20% of initial reward.\n\n\nBrianstorming ideas for work during the supplement", 
            "title": "31-January-2018"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/31-January-2018/#rpid-group-meeting-30-january-2018", 
            "text": "Wednesday 13:00 EDT https://iu.zoom.us/j/300135894", 
            "title": "RPID Group Meeting 30-January-2018"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/31-January-2018/#not-your-standard-rpid-meeting-agenda", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "Not your standard RPID Meeting Agenda"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/31-January-2018/#uag-meeting-this-friday", 
            "text": "Review Agenda Rob sent around  Check attendance  Any specific talking points we would like to stress", 
            "title": "UAG Meeting this Friday"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/31-January-2018/#annual-report", 
            "text": "Due 28-February-2018  Rob will get initial draft up for collaborative writing by the end of this week.   This will get a lot of focus between the AUG meeting Friday and the end of February.", 
            "title": "Annual Report"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/31-January-2018/#supplemental-proposal", 
            "text": "Up to 20% of initial reward.  Brianstorming ideas for work during the supplement", 
            "title": "Supplemental Proposal"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/17-January-2018/", 
            "text": "RPID Meeting Agenda Items\n\n\nWednesday 13:00 EDT\nhttps://iu.zoom.us/j/300135894\n\n\nAttendees: Scott, Richard, Allison, Yu, Grabriel, Rob\n\n\nApologies: Larry\n\n\nRPID Meeting Minutes\n\n\nAdministrative\n\n\n\n\nNCE Requested. \n\n\nRebudget submitted to IU ORA based on Tufts changes. \n\n\n\n\nSEADTrain\n\n\n\n\nProject Git: https://github.com/Data-to-Insight-Center/SEADTrain\n\n\nTalked about more data will publish more data. How the WISE data and Airbox data can be merged. \n\n\n\n\nCTS URN\n\n\n\n\nUpdated document at https://docs.google.com/document/d/1iwWcmWXvnJuw61mRKkxYqOZQPIn7TpLRyGcFMqlxzB4/edit\n\n\nDiscription not accurate. \n\n\n\n\nPRAGMA\n\n\n\n\nNext steps: contact ASTI philipeans galaxy workflows. \n\n\nUsing RPID testbed to assign handles to all Data Objects. (Previously only workflow given handles.)\n\n\nPIDs an finer granularity. Can provide provenence purely from handles. \n\n\n\n\nJetstream VMs\n\n\n\n\nGood conversation. Went though the Scholorworks examples. \n\n\nWent through examples from Jeremy. \n\n\nGet a little more information and determine if the API could be useful. \n\n\nHuman readable version online. \n\n\n\n\nPuppetizing\n\n\n\n\nOne working Handle and DTR in AWS. \n\n\nEverytime it is restarted IP address change. \n\n\nPricing for Static IP will be sent. \n\n\n\n\nRPID Services Update\n\n\n\n\nWeathered a OS maintenance without issue. \n\n\nAll ansible build needs to be tested to survive reboot. \n\n\n\n\nUser Advisory Group\n\n\n\n\nDoodle Poll completed. \n\n\nFirst UAG Meeting 02 Febuary 2018. \n\n\n\n\nIU Workshop\n\n\n\n\nSpring, more details coming. \n\n\n\n\nXSEDE Request\n\n\n\n\nRob will talk to JP about RPID and do an introduction.", 
            "title": "17-January-2018"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/17-January-2018/#rpid-meeting-agenda-items", 
            "text": "Wednesday 13:00 EDT\nhttps://iu.zoom.us/j/300135894", 
            "title": "RPID Meeting Agenda Items"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/17-January-2018/#attendees-scott-richard-allison-yu-grabriel-rob", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "Attendees: Scott, Richard, Allison, Yu, Grabriel, Rob"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/17-January-2018/#apologies-larry", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "Apologies: Larry"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/17-January-2018/#rpid-meeting-minutes", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "RPID Meeting Minutes"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/17-January-2018/#administrative", 
            "text": "NCE Requested.   Rebudget submitted to IU ORA based on Tufts changes.", 
            "title": "Administrative"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/17-January-2018/#seadtrain", 
            "text": "Project Git: https://github.com/Data-to-Insight-Center/SEADTrain  Talked about more data will publish more data. How the WISE data and Airbox data can be merged.", 
            "title": "SEADTrain"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/17-January-2018/#cts-urn", 
            "text": "Updated document at https://docs.google.com/document/d/1iwWcmWXvnJuw61mRKkxYqOZQPIn7TpLRyGcFMqlxzB4/edit  Discription not accurate.", 
            "title": "CTS URN"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/17-January-2018/#pragma", 
            "text": "Next steps: contact ASTI philipeans galaxy workflows.   Using RPID testbed to assign handles to all Data Objects. (Previously only workflow given handles.)  PIDs an finer granularity. Can provide provenence purely from handles.", 
            "title": "PRAGMA"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/17-January-2018/#jetstream-vms", 
            "text": "Good conversation. Went though the Scholorworks examples.   Went through examples from Jeremy.   Get a little more information and determine if the API could be useful.   Human readable version online.", 
            "title": "Jetstream VMs"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/17-January-2018/#puppetizing", 
            "text": "One working Handle and DTR in AWS.   Everytime it is restarted IP address change.   Pricing for Static IP will be sent.", 
            "title": "Puppetizing"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/17-January-2018/#rpid-services-update", 
            "text": "Weathered a OS maintenance without issue.   All ansible build needs to be tested to survive reboot.", 
            "title": "RPID Services Update"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/17-January-2018/#user-advisory-group", 
            "text": "Doodle Poll completed.   First UAG Meeting 02 Febuary 2018.", 
            "title": "User Advisory Group"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/17-January-2018/#iu-workshop", 
            "text": "Spring, more details coming.", 
            "title": "IU Workshop"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/17-January-2018/#xsede-request", 
            "text": "Rob will talk to JP about RPID and do an introduction.", 
            "title": "XSEDE Request"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/19-December-2017/", 
            "text": "RPID Meeting Agenda Items\n\n\nWednesday 13:00 EDT\nhttps://iu.zoom.us/j/300135894\n\n\nAttendees: Yu, Scott, Alison, Rob, Robert\n\n\nApologies:\n\n\nRPID Meeting Minutes\n\n\nIEEE Workshop on Big Data Metadata and Management (BDMM \u20192017)\n\n\n\n\nGlobal DTR. Well received and some interest from Wu at \n\n\n\n\nSEADTrain\n\n\nProject Git: https://github.com/Data-to-Insight-Center/SEADTrain\nLooking for a user study group. \nSimpler user workflow. \n\n\nClassics\n\n\n\n\nCode should live at IU (aka. the RPID github repo.)\n\n\nCurrenly normal handle, CTS-URN use template handle. Formula (function) in the handle. \n\n\nYu visited Alison in Boston. \n\n\nAlison is providing requirements and workflow documents. \n\n\nYu will provide a base document.\n\n\n\n\nPRAGMA\n\n\n\n\nYu is meeting with PRAGMA team tonight. \n\n\nTwo surveys, discussion of what to do with these surveys. \n\n\n\n\nJetstream VMs\n\n\n\n\nRob will start a mail thread with Jermey and Yu regarding Jetstream. (cc Robert)\n\n\nRichard compelted the mapping, we should talk to Jeremy about Jetstream usage. \n\n\n\n\nPuppetizing\n\n\n\n\nNo status update. \n\n\n\n\nKarst Node\n\n\n\n\nNothing new on the Karst node. \n\n\nAnsible to build configuration of handle. \n\n\nPossible to move to high availability plan. \n\n\n\n\nUser Advisory Group\n\n\n\n\nRobert M will send a doodle poll for first meeting (Weeks of 22-Jan or 29-Jan)", 
            "title": "19-December-2017"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/19-December-2017/#rpid-meeting-agenda-items", 
            "text": "Wednesday 13:00 EDT\nhttps://iu.zoom.us/j/300135894", 
            "title": "RPID Meeting Agenda Items"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/19-December-2017/#attendees-yu-scott-alison-rob-robert", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "Attendees: Yu, Scott, Alison, Rob, Robert"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/19-December-2017/#apologies", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "Apologies:"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/19-December-2017/#rpid-meeting-minutes", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "RPID Meeting Minutes"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/19-December-2017/#ieee-workshop-on-big-data-metadata-and-management-bdmm-2017", 
            "text": "Global DTR. Well received and some interest from Wu at", 
            "title": "IEEE Workshop on Big Data Metadata and Management (BDMM \u20192017)"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/19-December-2017/#seadtrain", 
            "text": "Project Git: https://github.com/Data-to-Insight-Center/SEADTrain\nLooking for a user study group. \nSimpler user workflow.", 
            "title": "SEADTrain"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/19-December-2017/#classics", 
            "text": "Code should live at IU (aka. the RPID github repo.)  Currenly normal handle, CTS-URN use template handle. Formula (function) in the handle.   Yu visited Alison in Boston.   Alison is providing requirements and workflow documents.   Yu will provide a base document.", 
            "title": "Classics"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/19-December-2017/#pragma", 
            "text": "Yu is meeting with PRAGMA team tonight.   Two surveys, discussion of what to do with these surveys.", 
            "title": "PRAGMA"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/19-December-2017/#jetstream-vms", 
            "text": "Rob will start a mail thread with Jermey and Yu regarding Jetstream. (cc Robert)  Richard compelted the mapping, we should talk to Jeremy about Jetstream usage.", 
            "title": "Jetstream VMs"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/19-December-2017/#puppetizing", 
            "text": "No status update.", 
            "title": "Puppetizing"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/19-December-2017/#karst-node", 
            "text": "Nothing new on the Karst node.   Ansible to build configuration of handle.   Possible to move to high availability plan.", 
            "title": "Karst Node"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/19-December-2017/#user-advisory-group", 
            "text": "Robert M will send a doodle poll for first meeting (Weeks of 22-Jan or 29-Jan)", 
            "title": "User Advisory Group"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/06-December-2017/", 
            "text": "RPID Meeting Agenda Items\n\n\nWednesday 13:00 EDT\nhttps://iu.zoom.us/j/300135894\n\n\nAttendees: Yu, Gabriel, Scott, Larry, Alison, Rob, Robert\n\n\nApologies:\n\n\nRPID Meeting Minutes\n\n\nIEEE Workshop on Big Data Metadata and Management (BDMM \u20192017)\n\n\n\n\nYu will attend and present on the RPID project.\n\n\nYu will send slides to the list. \n\n\n\n\nNSF Slide\n\n\n\n\nFinal input? Nothing, Rob will send this out at EoB today. \n\n\n\n\nSEADTrain\n\n\nProject Git:\nhttps://github.com/Data-to-Insight-Center/SEADTrain\n\n\nClassics\n\n\n\n\nCode should live at IU (aka. the RPID github repo.\n\n\nLarry will send proxy server information.\n\n\n\n\nPRAGMA\n\n\nWeb URL: http://rocks-53.sdsc.edu:8079/testGUI/irri-index.html\n   * PIs met with Yu and Gabriel. \n\n\nJetstream VMs\n\n\n\n\nRob will call Robert to push this along. \n\n\n\n\nPuppetizing\n\n\n\n\nAWS two instances set up by Gabriel, do preformance evaluation. Workload generator instance, other is LHS and DTR to guage preformance.\n\n\n\n\nKarst Node\n\n\n\n\nLocked into read-only mode signaling disk coruption. Flatten the Karst node and reformat the drives. \n\n\n\n\nUser Advisory Group\n\n\n\n\nRobert M will send a doodle poll for first meeting (Weeks of 22-Jan or 29-Jan)\n\n\n\n\nAction Items\n\n\n\n\nLarry will send around information about the new Cordra version.", 
            "title": "06-December-2017"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/06-December-2017/#rpid-meeting-agenda-items", 
            "text": "Wednesday 13:00 EDT\nhttps://iu.zoom.us/j/300135894", 
            "title": "RPID Meeting Agenda Items"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/06-December-2017/#attendees-yu-gabriel-scott-larry-alison-rob-robert", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "Attendees: Yu, Gabriel, Scott, Larry, Alison, Rob, Robert"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/06-December-2017/#apologies", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "Apologies:"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/06-December-2017/#rpid-meeting-minutes", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "RPID Meeting Minutes"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/06-December-2017/#ieee-workshop-on-big-data-metadata-and-management-bdmm-2017", 
            "text": "Yu will attend and present on the RPID project.  Yu will send slides to the list.", 
            "title": "IEEE Workshop on Big Data Metadata and Management (BDMM \u20192017)"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/06-December-2017/#nsf-slide", 
            "text": "Final input? Nothing, Rob will send this out at EoB today.", 
            "title": "NSF Slide"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/06-December-2017/#seadtrain", 
            "text": "Project Git:\nhttps://github.com/Data-to-Insight-Center/SEADTrain", 
            "title": "SEADTrain"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/06-December-2017/#classics", 
            "text": "Code should live at IU (aka. the RPID github repo.  Larry will send proxy server information.", 
            "title": "Classics"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/06-December-2017/#pragma", 
            "text": "Web URL: http://rocks-53.sdsc.edu:8079/testGUI/irri-index.html\n   * PIs met with Yu and Gabriel.", 
            "title": "PRAGMA"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/06-December-2017/#jetstream-vms", 
            "text": "Rob will call Robert to push this along.", 
            "title": "Jetstream VMs"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/06-December-2017/#puppetizing", 
            "text": "AWS two instances set up by Gabriel, do preformance evaluation. Workload generator instance, other is LHS and DTR to guage preformance.", 
            "title": "Puppetizing"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/06-December-2017/#karst-node", 
            "text": "Locked into read-only mode signaling disk coruption. Flatten the Karst node and reformat the drives.", 
            "title": "Karst Node"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/06-December-2017/#user-advisory-group", 
            "text": "Robert M will send a doodle poll for first meeting (Weeks of 22-Jan or 29-Jan)", 
            "title": "User Advisory Group"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/06-December-2017/#action-items", 
            "text": "Larry will send around information about the new Cordra version.", 
            "title": "Action Items"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/08-November-2017/", 
            "text": "RPID Meeting Agenda Items\n\n\nWednesday 13:00 EDT\nhttps://iu.zoom.us/j/300135894\n\n\nAttendees: Yu, Gabriel, Scott, Robert M, Rob Q\n\n\nApologies: Alison\n\n\nRPID Meeting Minutes\n\n\nSEADTrain\n\n\nProject Git:\nhttps://github.com/Data-to-Insight-Center/SEADTrain\n\n\nClassics\n\n\nResolving URN namespaces using handle system resolution. \n\n\nPRAGMA\n\n\nWeb URL: http://rocks-53.sdsc.edu:8079/testGUI/irri-index.html\nDraft paper submitted to GigaScience. \n40% of the content is about the PID work. Some adjustments to API and code base. \n\n\nJetstream VMs\n\n\nRichard and Robert talked about it. \n\n\nPuppetizing\n\n\nKarst Node\n\n\n\n\nrpid-dtr.grid.iu.edu:8080\n\n\nrpid-handle.grid.iu.edu:8000\n\n\n\n\nUser Advisory Group\n\n\n\n\nInvitation mails sent. 7 responses, 6 will join, 1 wants more information. \n\n\n\n\nC2CAMP\n\n\n\n\nCross Continential Testbed that will fold RPID into its structure. \n\n\n\n\nAction Items\n\n\n\n\nYu will alert Rob when SEAD-Train moves to prod system.\n\n\nRob useradd Yu and Gabriel to AWS account.", 
            "title": "08-November-2017"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/08-November-2017/#rpid-meeting-agenda-items", 
            "text": "Wednesday 13:00 EDT\nhttps://iu.zoom.us/j/300135894", 
            "title": "RPID Meeting Agenda Items"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/08-November-2017/#attendees-yu-gabriel-scott-robert-m-rob-q", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "Attendees: Yu, Gabriel, Scott, Robert M, Rob Q"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/08-November-2017/#apologies-alison", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "Apologies: Alison"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/08-November-2017/#rpid-meeting-minutes", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "RPID Meeting Minutes"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/08-November-2017/#seadtrain", 
            "text": "Project Git:\nhttps://github.com/Data-to-Insight-Center/SEADTrain", 
            "title": "SEADTrain"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/08-November-2017/#classics", 
            "text": "Resolving URN namespaces using handle system resolution.", 
            "title": "Classics"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/08-November-2017/#pragma", 
            "text": "Web URL: http://rocks-53.sdsc.edu:8079/testGUI/irri-index.html\nDraft paper submitted to GigaScience. \n40% of the content is about the PID work. Some adjustments to API and code base.", 
            "title": "PRAGMA"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/08-November-2017/#jetstream-vms", 
            "text": "Richard and Robert talked about it.", 
            "title": "Jetstream VMs"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/08-November-2017/#puppetizing", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "Puppetizing"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/08-November-2017/#karst-node", 
            "text": "rpid-dtr.grid.iu.edu:8080  rpid-handle.grid.iu.edu:8000", 
            "title": "Karst Node"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/08-November-2017/#user-advisory-group", 
            "text": "Invitation mails sent. 7 responses, 6 will join, 1 wants more information.", 
            "title": "User Advisory Group"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/08-November-2017/#c2camp", 
            "text": "Cross Continential Testbed that will fold RPID into its structure.", 
            "title": "C2CAMP"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/08-November-2017/#action-items", 
            "text": "Yu will alert Rob when SEAD-Train moves to prod system.  Rob useradd Yu and Gabriel to AWS account.", 
            "title": "Action Items"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/25-October-2017/", 
            "text": "RPID Meeting Agenda Items\n\n\nWednesday 13:00 EDT\nhttps://iu.zoom.us/j/192150867 \n\n\nAttendees:\n\n\nApologies: Rob\n\n\nRPID Meeting Minutes\n\n\nSEADTrain\n\n\nProject Git:\nhttps://github.com/Data-to-Insight-Center/SEADTrain\n\n\nClassics\n\n\nPRAGMA\n\n\nWeb URL: http://rocks-53.sdsc.edu:8079/testGUI/irri-index.html\n\n\nJetstream VMs\n\n\nPuppetizing\n\n\nKarst Node\n\n\n\n\nrpid-dtr.grid.iu.edu:8080\n\n\nrpid-handle.grid.iu.edu:8000\n\n\n\n\nUser Advisory Group\n\n\nAction Items\n\n\nPersIDs -- Thousands of DOs, CTS (cannoical text services)-PIDs\nhttps://github.com/rpidproject/cts-handles/blob/master/proposal.md", 
            "title": "25-October-2017"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/25-October-2017/#rpid-meeting-agenda-items", 
            "text": "Wednesday 13:00 EDT\nhttps://iu.zoom.us/j/192150867", 
            "title": "RPID Meeting Agenda Items"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/25-October-2017/#attendees", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "Attendees:"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/25-October-2017/#apologies-rob", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "Apologies: Rob"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/25-October-2017/#rpid-meeting-minutes", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "RPID Meeting Minutes"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/25-October-2017/#seadtrain", 
            "text": "Project Git:\nhttps://github.com/Data-to-Insight-Center/SEADTrain", 
            "title": "SEADTrain"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/25-October-2017/#classics", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "Classics"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/25-October-2017/#pragma", 
            "text": "Web URL: http://rocks-53.sdsc.edu:8079/testGUI/irri-index.html", 
            "title": "PRAGMA"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/25-October-2017/#jetstream-vms", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "Jetstream VMs"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/25-October-2017/#puppetizing", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "Puppetizing"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/25-October-2017/#karst-node", 
            "text": "rpid-dtr.grid.iu.edu:8080  rpid-handle.grid.iu.edu:8000", 
            "title": "Karst Node"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/25-October-2017/#user-advisory-group", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "User Advisory Group"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/25-October-2017/#action-items", 
            "text": "PersIDs -- Thousands of DOs, CTS (cannoical text services)-PIDs\nhttps://github.com/rpidproject/cts-handles/blob/master/proposal.md", 
            "title": "Action Items"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/12-October-2017/", 
            "text": "RPID Meeting Agenda Items\n\n\nAttendees: Gabriel, Yu, Rob, Richard (dropped off)\n\n\nApologies: Robert, Alison\n\n\nRPID Meeting Minutes\n\n\nSEADTrain\n\n\n\n\nAccept all types of data. Files, video, etc. \n\n\nWon't have an effect on data.\n\n\nNew profile being worked on by Beth to use on testbeds. \n\n\nMetadata in PID Kernel will not be affected. \n\n\n\n\nClassics\n\n\nPRAGMA\n\n\n\n\nGet more data. Most data sets are not public. \n\n\nGet more genotypes from the Rice Institute. \n\n\nReaching out to community. \n\n\n\n\nJetstream VMs\n\n\nPuppetizing\n\n\n\n\nRob has AWS access. \n\n\n\n\nKarst Node\n\n\n\n\nrpid-dtr.grid.iu.edu:8080\n\n\nrpid-handle.grid.iu.edu:8000\n\n\n\n\nUser Advisory Group\n\n\n\n\nRob and Robert are trying to schedule a meeting. \n\n\n\n\nAction Items\n\n\n\n\nRob will start a doodle poll to move this meeting off the 2-3pm EDT time.", 
            "title": "12-October-2017"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/12-October-2017/#rpid-meeting-agenda-items", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "RPID Meeting Agenda Items"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/12-October-2017/#attendees-gabriel-yu-rob-richard-dropped-off", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "Attendees: Gabriel, Yu, Rob, Richard (dropped off)"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/12-October-2017/#apologies-robert-alison", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "Apologies: Robert, Alison"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/12-October-2017/#rpid-meeting-minutes", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "RPID Meeting Minutes"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/12-October-2017/#seadtrain", 
            "text": "Accept all types of data. Files, video, etc.   Won't have an effect on data.  New profile being worked on by Beth to use on testbeds.   Metadata in PID Kernel will not be affected.", 
            "title": "SEADTrain"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/12-October-2017/#classics", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "Classics"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/12-October-2017/#pragma", 
            "text": "Get more data. Most data sets are not public.   Get more genotypes from the Rice Institute.   Reaching out to community.", 
            "title": "PRAGMA"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/12-October-2017/#jetstream-vms", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "Jetstream VMs"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/12-October-2017/#puppetizing", 
            "text": "Rob has AWS access.", 
            "title": "Puppetizing"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/12-October-2017/#karst-node", 
            "text": "rpid-dtr.grid.iu.edu:8080  rpid-handle.grid.iu.edu:8000", 
            "title": "Karst Node"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/12-October-2017/#user-advisory-group", 
            "text": "Rob and Robert are trying to schedule a meeting.", 
            "title": "User Advisory Group"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/12-October-2017/#action-items", 
            "text": "Rob will start a doodle poll to move this meeting off the 2-3pm EDT time.", 
            "title": "Action Items"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/28-September-2017/", 
            "text": "RPID Meeting Agenda Items\n\n\n\n\nNew addition at Tufts\n\n\nFollow up on Beth's new document titled-Data object model for RPID and PID Kernel Information projects.\n\n\nGoogle Doc\n\n\n\n\n\n\nFollow up items from RDA P10\n\n\nRob will attend the PI meeting \n\n\n\n\nAttendees: Bridget, Richard, Robert, Larry, Scott, Isuru, Gabriele, Yu, Rob\n\n\nApologies: None\n\n\nRPID Meeting Minutes\n\n\nSEADTrain\n\n\n\n\nPublish new data types beyond weather sensors (Twitter, Reddit, files).\n\n\n\n\nClassics\n\n\n\n\nProof of concept for CTS templates. Proposal document in Slack channel. \n\n\nMeeting in Croatia, talk with the group there about running a handle server. \n\n\n\n\nPRAGMA\n\n\n\n\nAdminstration of services. SDSC side services moved to new server. Large VMs to be sure the Galaxy workflows are preseved. \n\n\nPreformance evaluations of handle and DTR. Galaxy consuming resources, not handle or DTR connections. \n\n\n\n\nJetstream VMs\n\n\n\n\nLong discussion of document linked on Slack. \"Draft of Jetstream VM PID Mapping v2\" is available in the general channel. \n\n\nWhen does a PID get created for an object? \n\n\nPromotion of handles as DOs mature. \n\n\n\n\nPuppetizing\n\n\n\n\nTesting soon. \n\n\n\n\nKarst Node\n\n\n\n\nrpid-dtr.grid.iu.edu:8080\n\n\nrpid-handle.grid.iu.edu:8000\n\n\n\n\nUser Advisory Group\n\n\n\n\nRobert and Rob will try to have a conversation next Friday about kicking this off.\n\n\n\n\nAction Items\n\n\n\n\nScott will propose a transistion date from the services from dev to \"production\". \n\n\nRob will send around VBC and Quad Chart for PI meeting next week.", 
            "title": "28-September-2017"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/28-September-2017/#rpid-meeting-agenda-items", 
            "text": "New addition at Tufts  Follow up on Beth's new document titled-Data object model for RPID and PID Kernel Information projects.  Google Doc    Follow up items from RDA P10  Rob will attend the PI meeting", 
            "title": "RPID Meeting Agenda Items"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/28-September-2017/#attendees-bridget-richard-robert-larry-scott-isuru-gabriele-yu-rob", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "Attendees: Bridget, Richard, Robert, Larry, Scott, Isuru, Gabriele, Yu, Rob"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/28-September-2017/#apologies-none", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "Apologies: None"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/28-September-2017/#rpid-meeting-minutes", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "RPID Meeting Minutes"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/28-September-2017/#seadtrain", 
            "text": "Publish new data types beyond weather sensors (Twitter, Reddit, files).", 
            "title": "SEADTrain"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/28-September-2017/#classics", 
            "text": "Proof of concept for CTS templates. Proposal document in Slack channel.   Meeting in Croatia, talk with the group there about running a handle server.", 
            "title": "Classics"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/28-September-2017/#pragma", 
            "text": "Adminstration of services. SDSC side services moved to new server. Large VMs to be sure the Galaxy workflows are preseved.   Preformance evaluations of handle and DTR. Galaxy consuming resources, not handle or DTR connections.", 
            "title": "PRAGMA"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/28-September-2017/#jetstream-vms", 
            "text": "Long discussion of document linked on Slack. \"Draft of Jetstream VM PID Mapping v2\" is available in the general channel.   When does a PID get created for an object?   Promotion of handles as DOs mature.", 
            "title": "Jetstream VMs"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/28-September-2017/#puppetizing", 
            "text": "Testing soon.", 
            "title": "Puppetizing"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/28-September-2017/#karst-node", 
            "text": "rpid-dtr.grid.iu.edu:8080  rpid-handle.grid.iu.edu:8000", 
            "title": "Karst Node"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/28-September-2017/#user-advisory-group", 
            "text": "Robert and Rob will try to have a conversation next Friday about kicking this off.", 
            "title": "User Advisory Group"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/28-September-2017/#action-items", 
            "text": "Scott will propose a transistion date from the services from dev to \"production\".   Rob will send around VBC and Quad Chart for PI meeting next week.", 
            "title": "Action Items"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/31-August-2017/", 
            "text": "RPID Meeting Agenda Items\n\n\n\n\nDiscussion of Beth's new document titled-Data object model for RPID and PID Kernel Information projects\n\n\n\n\n\n\nAttendees: Beth, Robert M., Gabriel, Larry, Rob Q,\n\n\nApologies: Bridget\n\n\nRPID Meeting Minutes\n\n\nDiscussion of Beth's document-Data object model for RPID and PID Kernel Information projects\n\n\n\n\nRob Q will put to get hub once we have worked on this in google docs\n\n\n\n\nSEADTrain\n\n\n\n\nPID work is almost done - will text next week\n\n\nBased on yesterday's meeting will add profiles\n\n\n\n\nClassics\n\n\n\n\nBridget metioned CTS URNs and how they connect to the handle system - can go down into individual words in classic texts like The Illiad\n\n\nURNs are not really resolveable\n\n\nBridget will be writing this up before she leaves Tufts\n\n\nSee slack channel for Bridget's update\n\n\n\n\nPRAGMA\n\n\n\n\nno update\n\n\n\n\nJetstream VMs\n\n\n\n\nMeeting yesterday with Jeremy Fischer of Jetstream\n\n\nCan get started with description of vms in openstack \n\n\nRob is starting up allocation so that we can see how those are working\n\n\nWorking on XSEDE accounts for those involved - Richard, Yu, Robert, Rob\n\n\nHave a model similar to what Bridget did for URNs for Jetstream VMs = mapping item to use in Jetstream\n\n\nWill describe at the image level - may want to go more granular than this\n\n\nYu and Beth think that we will want to keep the strawman profile and the jetstream profile seperate\n\n\n\n\nPuppetizing\n\n\n\n\nBridget sent update today on topic - almost done with 1 item for documentation needing to be finished\n\n\nNeed to prepare for BOF on Testbeds at RDA\n\n\n\n\nKarst Node\n\n\n\n\nBelieve that the RPID hardware could be haunted - but likely something still flawed\n\n\nCan log into the node at this point\n\n\nWorking on access levels - KARST was probably not the best direction for this in terms of access for installation\n\n\nNeed to work out policies and procedures to make this happen\n\n\n\n\nUser Advisory Group\n\n\n\n\nOther that expectations and starter list of participants\n\n\nAdd Richard H. to the user advsiory group\n\n\n\n\nAction Items\n\n\n\n\nRob Q will put Beth's data object model doc in googledocs for editing by group\n\n\nAll will follow up on review of document in google for next meeting\n\n\nYu will show his work at next IU-RPID meeting for review", 
            "title": "31-August-2017"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/31-August-2017/#rpid-meeting-agenda-items", 
            "text": "Discussion of Beth's new document titled-Data object model for RPID and PID Kernel Information projects", 
            "title": "RPID Meeting Agenda Items"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/31-August-2017/#attendees-beth-robert-m-gabriel-larry-rob-q", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "Attendees: Beth, Robert M., Gabriel, Larry, Rob Q,"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/31-August-2017/#apologies-bridget", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "Apologies: Bridget"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/31-August-2017/#rpid-meeting-minutes", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "RPID Meeting Minutes"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/31-August-2017/#discussion-of-beths-document-data-object-model-for-rpid-and-pid-kernel-information-projects", 
            "text": "Rob Q will put to get hub once we have worked on this in google docs", 
            "title": "Discussion of Beth's document-Data object model for RPID and PID Kernel Information projects"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/31-August-2017/#seadtrain", 
            "text": "PID work is almost done - will text next week  Based on yesterday's meeting will add profiles", 
            "title": "SEADTrain"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/31-August-2017/#classics", 
            "text": "Bridget metioned CTS URNs and how they connect to the handle system - can go down into individual words in classic texts like The Illiad  URNs are not really resolveable  Bridget will be writing this up before she leaves Tufts  See slack channel for Bridget's update", 
            "title": "Classics"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/31-August-2017/#pragma", 
            "text": "no update", 
            "title": "PRAGMA"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/31-August-2017/#jetstream-vms", 
            "text": "Meeting yesterday with Jeremy Fischer of Jetstream  Can get started with description of vms in openstack   Rob is starting up allocation so that we can see how those are working  Working on XSEDE accounts for those involved - Richard, Yu, Robert, Rob  Have a model similar to what Bridget did for URNs for Jetstream VMs = mapping item to use in Jetstream  Will describe at the image level - may want to go more granular than this  Yu and Beth think that we will want to keep the strawman profile and the jetstream profile seperate", 
            "title": "Jetstream VMs"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/31-August-2017/#puppetizing", 
            "text": "Bridget sent update today on topic - almost done with 1 item for documentation needing to be finished  Need to prepare for BOF on Testbeds at RDA", 
            "title": "Puppetizing"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/31-August-2017/#karst-node", 
            "text": "Believe that the RPID hardware could be haunted - but likely something still flawed  Can log into the node at this point  Working on access levels - KARST was probably not the best direction for this in terms of access for installation  Need to work out policies and procedures to make this happen", 
            "title": "Karst Node"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/31-August-2017/#user-advisory-group", 
            "text": "Other that expectations and starter list of participants  Add Richard H. to the user advsiory group", 
            "title": "User Advisory Group"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/31-August-2017/#action-items", 
            "text": "Rob Q will put Beth's data object model doc in googledocs for editing by group  All will follow up on review of document in google for next meeting  Yu will show his work at next IU-RPID meeting for review", 
            "title": "Action Items"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/17-August-2017/", 
            "text": "RPID Meeting Agenda Items\n\n\n\n\nExamples\n\n\nPuppetizing\n\n\nKarst Node\n\n\nUAG\n\n\n\n\nAttendees: Gabriel, Rob, Bridget, Yu, Scott, Larry\n\n\nApologies: Robert\n\n\nRPID Meeting Minutes\n\n\nExamples\n\n\nSEADTrain\n\n\n\n\nUpgrade Interface to use PID. Requirement from the TNRC, software that can get PIDs. \n\n\nDaily updates going smoothly\n\n\nNew channels to get airbox data (TNRC)\n\n\n\n\nPRAGMA/Rice Genomics\n\n\n\n\nNot too much updates. Several domain updates, AIST moved to different location. Data storage replaced. IPs updated. \n\n\n\n\nJetstream VMs\n\n\n\n\nRobert and Rob have scheduled a meeting next Thomas, Jeremy, Scott. \n\n\n\n\nClassics\n\n\n\n\nNo update. Not sure if this will happen in the Persid project. \n\n\nBridget will get in contact to introduce to an interested party. \n\n\nCTS Handles, suggests Nevin to take this project on... Will discuss with Larry about how to proceed.\n\n\n\n\nPuppetizing\n\n\n\n\nBridget supplied ready for testing puppetized installation.\n\n\nNot 100% finished, but good time to get feedback. Some loose ends to wrap up. \n\n\n\n\nKarst Node\n\n\n\n\nWill have login access this afternoon, RHEL6, will work on VMs.\n\n\nPuppet manifests builds and runs Docker-ized. \n\n\nWill be doing testing over the next few weeks and will provide feedback to Bridget. \n\n\n\n\nUAG\n\n\n\n\nAt https://rpidproject.github.io/rpid/UAG-Expectations/\n\n\nUAG Spreadsheet", 
            "title": "17-August-2017"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/17-August-2017/#rpid-meeting-agenda-items", 
            "text": "Examples  Puppetizing  Karst Node  UAG", 
            "title": "RPID Meeting Agenda Items"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/17-August-2017/#attendees-gabriel-rob-bridget-yu-scott-larry", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "Attendees: Gabriel, Rob, Bridget, Yu, Scott, Larry"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/17-August-2017/#apologies-robert", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "Apologies: Robert"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/17-August-2017/#rpid-meeting-minutes", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "RPID Meeting Minutes"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/17-August-2017/#examples", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "Examples"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/17-August-2017/#seadtrain", 
            "text": "Upgrade Interface to use PID. Requirement from the TNRC, software that can get PIDs.   Daily updates going smoothly  New channels to get airbox data (TNRC)", 
            "title": "SEADTrain"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/17-August-2017/#pragmarice-genomics", 
            "text": "Not too much updates. Several domain updates, AIST moved to different location. Data storage replaced. IPs updated.", 
            "title": "PRAGMA/Rice Genomics"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/17-August-2017/#jetstream-vms", 
            "text": "Robert and Rob have scheduled a meeting next Thomas, Jeremy, Scott.", 
            "title": "Jetstream VMs"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/17-August-2017/#classics", 
            "text": "No update. Not sure if this will happen in the Persid project.   Bridget will get in contact to introduce to an interested party.   CTS Handles, suggests Nevin to take this project on... Will discuss with Larry about how to proceed.", 
            "title": "Classics"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/17-August-2017/#puppetizing", 
            "text": "Bridget supplied ready for testing puppetized installation.  Not 100% finished, but good time to get feedback. Some loose ends to wrap up.", 
            "title": "Puppetizing"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/17-August-2017/#karst-node", 
            "text": "Will have login access this afternoon, RHEL6, will work on VMs.  Puppet manifests builds and runs Docker-ized.   Will be doing testing over the next few weeks and will provide feedback to Bridget.", 
            "title": "Karst Node"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/17-August-2017/#uag", 
            "text": "At https://rpidproject.github.io/rpid/UAG-Expectations/  UAG Spreadsheet", 
            "title": "UAG"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/03-August-2017/", 
            "text": "RPID Meeting Agenda Items\n\n\n\n\nExamples\n\n\nPuppetizing\n\n\nKarst Node\n\n\nUAG\n\n\n\n\nAttendees:\n\n\nApologies:\n\n\nRPID Meeting Minutes\n\n\nExamples\n\n\nSEADTrain\n\n\n\n\nUpdate on the SEADTrain Tutorial at ESIP. \n\n\nNothing new since last meeting outside of the workshop. \n\n\n\n\nPRAGMA/Rice Genomics\n\n\nJetstream VMs\n\n\n\n\nRobert will introduce Rob to Richard Higgins.\n\n\nRob will set up a meeting with Robert, Richard, Jeremy (others from JetStream?), and Rob. \n\n\nSet up a touchbase for IU for the testbed. We will have local meetings on Wednesday's. \n\n\n\n\nClassics\n\n\n\n\nCTS Handle Solution - Connect the RPID infrastructures to testbed. But with Bridget's departure this may not happen. There is not a known replacement. And likely may have to move to another institution. \n\n\nhttps://github.com/rpidproject/cts-handles/blob/master/proposal.md \n\n\nDistributed to interested parties. All reception has been positive. Up to the community to adopt if they are interested and someone to take ownership. Up to someone within the community to take ownership. \n\n\nNevin is interested. \n\n\nPeople feel this is a good solution. \n\n\nBridget and Larry need to set up a formal way to get people engaged. \n\n\n\n\nPuppetizing\n\n\n\n\nIU will try to install new Karst Condo node using this puppet installations.\n\n\nThree services, DTR, Handle, and Collection Service. Does not include PID API. \n\n\nClose to ready, but not quite there. \n\n\nBridget will send the step-by-step as soon as they are ready. \n\n\n\n\nKarst Node\n\n\n\n\nInstalled August 1st, transistion will happen to \"production testbed\" instance in the next two weeks.\n\n\n\n\nUAG\n\n\n\n\nAt https://rpidproject.github.io/rpid/UAG-Expectations/\n\n\nWill discuss at next IU RPID meeting. \n\n\n\n\nCTS/Handle Solution\n\n\n\n\nhttps://github.com/rpidproject/cts-handles/blob/master/proposal.md", 
            "title": "03-August-2017"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/03-August-2017/#rpid-meeting-agenda-items", 
            "text": "Examples  Puppetizing  Karst Node  UAG", 
            "title": "RPID Meeting Agenda Items"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/03-August-2017/#attendees", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "Attendees:"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/03-August-2017/#apologies", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "Apologies:"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/03-August-2017/#rpid-meeting-minutes", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "RPID Meeting Minutes"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/03-August-2017/#examples", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "Examples"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/03-August-2017/#seadtrain", 
            "text": "Update on the SEADTrain Tutorial at ESIP.   Nothing new since last meeting outside of the workshop.", 
            "title": "SEADTrain"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/03-August-2017/#pragmarice-genomics", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "PRAGMA/Rice Genomics"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/03-August-2017/#jetstream-vms", 
            "text": "Robert will introduce Rob to Richard Higgins.  Rob will set up a meeting with Robert, Richard, Jeremy (others from JetStream?), and Rob.   Set up a touchbase for IU for the testbed. We will have local meetings on Wednesday's.", 
            "title": "Jetstream VMs"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/03-August-2017/#classics", 
            "text": "CTS Handle Solution - Connect the RPID infrastructures to testbed. But with Bridget's departure this may not happen. There is not a known replacement. And likely may have to move to another institution.   https://github.com/rpidproject/cts-handles/blob/master/proposal.md   Distributed to interested parties. All reception has been positive. Up to the community to adopt if they are interested and someone to take ownership. Up to someone within the community to take ownership.   Nevin is interested.   People feel this is a good solution.   Bridget and Larry need to set up a formal way to get people engaged.", 
            "title": "Classics"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/03-August-2017/#puppetizing", 
            "text": "IU will try to install new Karst Condo node using this puppet installations.  Three services, DTR, Handle, and Collection Service. Does not include PID API.   Close to ready, but not quite there.   Bridget will send the step-by-step as soon as they are ready.", 
            "title": "Puppetizing"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/03-August-2017/#karst-node", 
            "text": "Installed August 1st, transistion will happen to \"production testbed\" instance in the next two weeks.", 
            "title": "Karst Node"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/03-August-2017/#uag", 
            "text": "At https://rpidproject.github.io/rpid/UAG-Expectations/  Will discuss at next IU RPID meeting.", 
            "title": "UAG"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/03-August-2017/#ctshandle-solution", 
            "text": "https://github.com/rpidproject/cts-handles/blob/master/proposal.md", 
            "title": "CTS/Handle Solution"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/20-July-2017/", 
            "text": "RPID Meeting Agenda Items - 20-July-2017\n\n\nAttendees: Yu, Gabriel, Isuru, Beth, Bridget, Richard, Robert\n\n\nApologies: Rob\n\n\nRPID Meeting Minutes\n\n\nPuppetizing\n\n\n*Bridget thinks that the puppet scripts that she has available now might be usable for installation of IU machine if in August\n\n\nPID API\n\n\n\n\nGabriel is most familiar with this already\n\n\nWhat is needed to PID API to make it compatible with the kernel information?\n\n\nPID API is kernel information aware - used extensions to retrieve profile definition\n\n\nBeth thinks we need to review that extension\n\n\nYu - there is functionality to assign PID\n\n\nBridget we need code available for puppet setup and for those code extensions to be reviewed - these are in D2I Github now (https://github.com/Data-to-Insight-Center/RDA-PRAGMA-Data-Service/tree/master/pragmapit-ext/src/main/javadoc)\n\n\nIsuru says we can fork the extension code into the RPID Github so Bridget can get to it\n\n\nBridget  - Can we tag original code and tag changes and submit back to RDA as proposed revision?\n\n\nBeth - write small client to try out the API - look at what is research data and what is not? Need requirements for this before we move on it.\n\n\nIsuru - PID enabled layer on top of handle system APIs and client - we need a PID aware strawman layer - \n\n\n\n\nHandle Server\n\n\n\n\nThis is crashing on us and we don't know why\n\n\nHas been down for 3 days now\n\n\nBridget - could run this on Amazon - would need all of the other parts for replication - federation of local handle servers\n\n\nIsuru - will work with Bridget's amazon instance for demo purposes - need to contact RT to see if this can be done for demo tomorrow at 1\n\n\n\n\n\n\nJetstream VMs\n\n\n\n\nRichard Higgins and Robert are working on this - Richard came to meeting today will join us to look at Jetstream PID mapping.\n\n\nRobert will talk to Rob Quick when returns about getting Richard onto Slack and other channels for comm etc.\n\n\n\n\nPRAGMA/Rice Genomics\n\n\n\n\nNo Updates\n\n\n\n\nKarst Node\n\n\n\n\nExpecting August 1 implementation - see Bridget's comments about use of puppet scripts for installation\n\n\n\n\nUAG\n\n\n\n\nAt https://rpidproject.github.io/rpid/UAG-Expectations/\n\n\n\n\nAction Items\n\n\n\n\nRob should check on whether puppet scripts will help with server installation in August\n\n\nIsuru should fork code repo so that it is available from D2I git to RPID git\n\n\nYu will take two use cases - provenance and trust - seadtrain use-case - from that he will extract requirements for extensions to PID API - post to slack and get feedback", 
            "title": "20-July-2017"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/20-July-2017/#rpid-meeting-agenda-items-20-july-2017", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "RPID Meeting Agenda Items - 20-July-2017"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/20-July-2017/#attendees-yu-gabriel-isuru-beth-bridget-richard-robert", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "Attendees: Yu, Gabriel, Isuru, Beth, Bridget, Richard, Robert"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/20-July-2017/#apologies-rob", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "Apologies: Rob"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/20-July-2017/#rpid-meeting-minutes", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "RPID Meeting Minutes"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/20-July-2017/#puppetizing", 
            "text": "*Bridget thinks that the puppet scripts that she has available now might be usable for installation of IU machine if in August", 
            "title": "Puppetizing"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/20-July-2017/#pid-api", 
            "text": "Gabriel is most familiar with this already  What is needed to PID API to make it compatible with the kernel information?  PID API is kernel information aware - used extensions to retrieve profile definition  Beth thinks we need to review that extension  Yu - there is functionality to assign PID  Bridget we need code available for puppet setup and for those code extensions to be reviewed - these are in D2I Github now (https://github.com/Data-to-Insight-Center/RDA-PRAGMA-Data-Service/tree/master/pragmapit-ext/src/main/javadoc)  Isuru says we can fork the extension code into the RPID Github so Bridget can get to it  Bridget  - Can we tag original code and tag changes and submit back to RDA as proposed revision?  Beth - write small client to try out the API - look at what is research data and what is not? Need requirements for this before we move on it.  Isuru - PID enabled layer on top of handle system APIs and client - we need a PID aware strawman layer -", 
            "title": "PID API"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/20-July-2017/#handle-server", 
            "text": "This is crashing on us and we don't know why  Has been down for 3 days now  Bridget - could run this on Amazon - would need all of the other parts for replication - federation of local handle servers  Isuru - will work with Bridget's amazon instance for demo purposes - need to contact RT to see if this can be done for demo tomorrow at 1", 
            "title": "Handle Server"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/20-July-2017/#jetstream-vms", 
            "text": "Richard Higgins and Robert are working on this - Richard came to meeting today will join us to look at Jetstream PID mapping.  Robert will talk to Rob Quick when returns about getting Richard onto Slack and other channels for comm etc.", 
            "title": "Jetstream VMs"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/20-July-2017/#pragmarice-genomics", 
            "text": "No Updates", 
            "title": "PRAGMA/Rice Genomics"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/20-July-2017/#karst-node", 
            "text": "Expecting August 1 implementation - see Bridget's comments about use of puppet scripts for installation", 
            "title": "Karst Node"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/20-July-2017/#uag", 
            "text": "At https://rpidproject.github.io/rpid/UAG-Expectations/", 
            "title": "UAG"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/20-July-2017/#action-items", 
            "text": "Rob should check on whether puppet scripts will help with server installation in August  Isuru should fork code repo so that it is available from D2I git to RPID git  Yu will take two use cases - provenance and trust - seadtrain use-case - from that he will extract requirements for extensions to PID API - post to slack and get feedback", 
            "title": "Action Items"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/06-July-2017/", 
            "text": "RPID Meeting Agenda Items\n\n\n\n\nExamples\n\n\nPuppetizing\n\n\nKarst Node\n\n\nUAG\n\n\n\n\nAttendees: Yu, Gabriel, Isuru, Rob\n\n\nApologies: Beth\n\n\nRPID Meeting Minutes\n\n\nExamples\n\n\nSEADTrain\n\n\n\n\nPreparing for a tutorial and ESIP tutorial in late July. \n\n\n\n\nPRAGMA/Rice Genomics\n\n\n\n\n14 Data Bundle published.\n\n\nEach data object within the bundle also has a PID. \n\n\n\n\nJetstream VMs\n\n\n\n\nCreating own version of what Bridget has done. \n\n\nExpect possibly something next meeting. \n\n\n\n\nClassics\n\n\nPuppetizing\n\n\nKarst Node\n\n\n\n\nArrived but did not make the maintenance window yesterday. \n\n\nWill be installed August 1. \n\n\n\n\nUAG\n\n\n\n\nAt https://rpidproject.github.io/rpid/UAG-Expectations/", 
            "title": "06-July-2017 Meeting"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/06-July-2017/#rpid-meeting-agenda-items", 
            "text": "Examples  Puppetizing  Karst Node  UAG", 
            "title": "RPID Meeting Agenda Items"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/06-July-2017/#attendees-yu-gabriel-isuru-rob", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "Attendees: Yu, Gabriel, Isuru, Rob"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/06-July-2017/#apologies-beth", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "Apologies: Beth"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/06-July-2017/#rpid-meeting-minutes", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "RPID Meeting Minutes"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/06-July-2017/#examples", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "Examples"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/06-July-2017/#seadtrain", 
            "text": "Preparing for a tutorial and ESIP tutorial in late July.", 
            "title": "SEADTrain"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/06-July-2017/#pragmarice-genomics", 
            "text": "14 Data Bundle published.  Each data object within the bundle also has a PID.", 
            "title": "PRAGMA/Rice Genomics"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/06-July-2017/#jetstream-vms", 
            "text": "Creating own version of what Bridget has done.   Expect possibly something next meeting.", 
            "title": "Jetstream VMs"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/06-July-2017/#classics", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "Classics"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/06-July-2017/#puppetizing", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "Puppetizing"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/06-July-2017/#karst-node", 
            "text": "Arrived but did not make the maintenance window yesterday.   Will be installed August 1.", 
            "title": "Karst Node"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/06-July-2017/#uag", 
            "text": "At https://rpidproject.github.io/rpid/UAG-Expectations/", 
            "title": "UAG"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/11-May-2017/", 
            "text": "RPID Meeting Agenda Items\n\n\n\n\nExamples\n\n\nPuppetizing\n\n\nPrefixes\n\n\nKarst Node\n\n\nWeb Content\n\n\nUAG\n\n\n\n\nRPID Meeting Minutes\n\n\nExamples\n\n\nLarry created a strawman. Try some examples to actual cases to see how this would work. \n  Two issues:\n     1. complexity - worked but was complicated \n     2. Need several instances to create a interesting (usable) environement\n\n\nIt is easy to confuse DTrecord with this PID kernel strawman. Two metadata schemes that dont fit together. Deal with Typed values. 16 types in strawman. To use these types they need to be documented and described in an understandable way to be used. Need records to apply these to. \n   * Bridget will do this for a few types of data. \n   * Robert will try with VMs on Jetstream. \n   * Gabriele will try with Rice genomic data.\n   * Isuru has tried this with SEED data, will discuss issues encountered on next call. \n      * When publishing wanted to do per/day per/device in kernal. Could not fit device ID, nothing matched with strawman. \nAt the next call we will do some comparisons to see where issues were encountered. \nGiven this identifier, what can I do next?\nFiltering notion takes presedence. \nWhat are the purposes of the handle service? Low-level services, not querying directly but infrastructure.\nHandle service only does one this returns a handle record.\n\n\nPuppetizing\n\n\nBridget had her first discussion. Description of what we're trying to do. \nRob will review this consultation and we'll talk about it more before next meeting.\nCan be published to the DTR working group at RDA. \n\n\nKarst Node\n\n\nExperimental environment\nJuly before installation will be possible\nAWS instances will not be persistent only for experimentation\nWe will keep a dev-instance along with prime instance\n\n\nPrefixes\n\n\nUse of prefixes with respect to test prefixes\nClearly indicated prefixes are \ntest\n prifixes\nTwo constraints\n   1. the relation to prefix to handle service is 1:1\n   2. relationship of handles services to prifixes is 1:many\n   3. as long as no one mistakes these for longterm PIDs it is inconsequential \nPrefix with no or 1 delimiter are global while sub-prifixes with prifixes 2+ from individual service.\nCreating policy statement regarding prefixes. \n\n\nBridget, Rob and Isuru will send slides.", 
            "title": "11-May-2017 Meeting"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/11-May-2017/#rpid-meeting-agenda-items", 
            "text": "Examples  Puppetizing  Prefixes  Karst Node  Web Content  UAG", 
            "title": "RPID Meeting Agenda Items"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/11-May-2017/#rpid-meeting-minutes", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "RPID Meeting Minutes"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/11-May-2017/#examples", 
            "text": "Larry created a strawman. Try some examples to actual cases to see how this would work. \n  Two issues:\n     1. complexity - worked but was complicated \n     2. Need several instances to create a interesting (usable) environement  It is easy to confuse DTrecord with this PID kernel strawman. Two metadata schemes that dont fit together. Deal with Typed values. 16 types in strawman. To use these types they need to be documented and described in an understandable way to be used. Need records to apply these to. \n   * Bridget will do this for a few types of data. \n   * Robert will try with VMs on Jetstream. \n   * Gabriele will try with Rice genomic data.\n   * Isuru has tried this with SEED data, will discuss issues encountered on next call. \n      * When publishing wanted to do per/day per/device in kernal. Could not fit device ID, nothing matched with strawman. \nAt the next call we will do some comparisons to see where issues were encountered. \nGiven this identifier, what can I do next?\nFiltering notion takes presedence. \nWhat are the purposes of the handle service? Low-level services, not querying directly but infrastructure.\nHandle service only does one this returns a handle record.", 
            "title": "Examples"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/11-May-2017/#puppetizing", 
            "text": "Bridget had her first discussion. Description of what we're trying to do. \nRob will review this consultation and we'll talk about it more before next meeting.\nCan be published to the DTR working group at RDA.", 
            "title": "Puppetizing"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/11-May-2017/#karst-node", 
            "text": "Experimental environment\nJuly before installation will be possible\nAWS instances will not be persistent only for experimentation\nWe will keep a dev-instance along with prime instance", 
            "title": "Karst Node"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/11-May-2017/#prefixes", 
            "text": "Use of prefixes with respect to test prefixes\nClearly indicated prefixes are  test  prifixes\nTwo constraints\n   1. the relation to prefix to handle service is 1:1\n   2. relationship of handles services to prifixes is 1:many\n   3. as long as no one mistakes these for longterm PIDs it is inconsequential \nPrefix with no or 1 delimiter are global while sub-prifixes with prifixes 2+ from individual service.\nCreating policy statement regarding prefixes.   Bridget, Rob and Isuru will send slides.", 
            "title": "Prefixes"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/08-June-2017/", 
            "text": "RPID Meeting Agenda Items\n\n\n\n\nExamples\n\n\nPuppetizing\n\n\nKarst Node\n\n\nUAG\n\n\nProfiles\n\n\nCollections API\n\n\n\n\nRPID Meeting Minutes\n\n\nExamples\n\n\nRice Genomics\n\n\n\n\nRDA Adoption Project\n\n\nUsing a Galaxy Workflow - Linear and Max Projections\n\n\nPortal at http://rocks-53.sdsc.edu:8079/testGUI/irri-index.html \n\n\nStrawman Profile: http://pragma8.cs.indiana.edu:8080/pragmapit-ext-0.2/pitapi/generic/20.5000.347/rdastrawman\n\n\nKernel Information Profile: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oU7EVlesXpQkzXmL7Bjfl9LGRGVogCKLmEWLl0SFq1Y/edit\n\n\nProfile Identifier, will semantics in the suffix cause issues.\n\n\n\n\nSEADTrain\n\n\n\n\nStarted implementation using handle API\n\n\nUsing 5 MetaData fields\n\n\nNo extensions to the strawman \n\n\nMinting PIDs inside the seadtrain workflow. Using json strings with fields defined in strawman profile. \n\n\nValidation from user side is next step.\n\n\nExtended API specifying Strawman profile\n\n\n30% preformance improvement using json block vs individual handles. \n\n\n\n\nVM JetStream\n\n\nTextual Annotations\n\n\n\n\nNeeds handle service - Can use Indiana the dev handle service.\n\n\nNo real progress most work on Puppetizing.\n\n\n\n\nPuppetizing\n\n\n\n\nAmazon accounts and puppet implementation. \n\n\nCollections API should be done by next meeting.\n\n\nFinalize and test CTS-URN.\n\n\nPuppetization review. \n\n\n\n\nKarst Node\n\n\n\n\nHardware. \n\n\nJuly 5 or first Tuesday in August.\n\n\n\n\nUAG\n\n\n\n\nSpreadsheet at https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1hgNNMiBTsWxV26nGfDukZdAa5XiiV-wUQXUeJ5L2fCY/edit#gid=0\n\n\nBrief description and what we expect out of members. Rob will write this up before next meeting. \n\n\nNeed a mix of RDA and non-RDA people in advisory group. \n\n\n\n\nProfiles\n\n\n\n\nConcentrate on the Strawman profile and not introduce extended profiles under the current proposal.\n\n\n\n\nCollections API\n\n\n\n\nYu can install the Collection API\n\n\nCreated ~4k objects in each the Collection API and in Handle System\n\n\nVery simple test with some preformance measuring\n\n\nBatch operations in development and some preformance improvement already implemented\n\n\nGoal to attach to a handle service for PID minting, but this is not available yet", 
            "title": "08-June-2017 Meeting"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/08-June-2017/#rpid-meeting-agenda-items", 
            "text": "Examples  Puppetizing  Karst Node  UAG  Profiles  Collections API", 
            "title": "RPID Meeting Agenda Items"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/08-June-2017/#rpid-meeting-minutes", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "RPID Meeting Minutes"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/08-June-2017/#examples", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "Examples"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/08-June-2017/#rice-genomics", 
            "text": "RDA Adoption Project  Using a Galaxy Workflow - Linear and Max Projections  Portal at http://rocks-53.sdsc.edu:8079/testGUI/irri-index.html   Strawman Profile: http://pragma8.cs.indiana.edu:8080/pragmapit-ext-0.2/pitapi/generic/20.5000.347/rdastrawman  Kernel Information Profile: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oU7EVlesXpQkzXmL7Bjfl9LGRGVogCKLmEWLl0SFq1Y/edit  Profile Identifier, will semantics in the suffix cause issues.", 
            "title": "Rice Genomics"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/08-June-2017/#seadtrain", 
            "text": "Started implementation using handle API  Using 5 MetaData fields  No extensions to the strawman   Minting PIDs inside the seadtrain workflow. Using json strings with fields defined in strawman profile.   Validation from user side is next step.  Extended API specifying Strawman profile  30% preformance improvement using json block vs individual handles.", 
            "title": "SEADTrain"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/08-June-2017/#vm-jetstream", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "VM JetStream"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/08-June-2017/#textual-annotations", 
            "text": "Needs handle service - Can use Indiana the dev handle service.  No real progress most work on Puppetizing.", 
            "title": "Textual Annotations"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/08-June-2017/#puppetizing", 
            "text": "Amazon accounts and puppet implementation.   Collections API should be done by next meeting.  Finalize and test CTS-URN.  Puppetization review.", 
            "title": "Puppetizing"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/08-June-2017/#karst-node", 
            "text": "Hardware.   July 5 or first Tuesday in August.", 
            "title": "Karst Node"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/08-June-2017/#uag", 
            "text": "Spreadsheet at https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1hgNNMiBTsWxV26nGfDukZdAa5XiiV-wUQXUeJ5L2fCY/edit#gid=0  Brief description and what we expect out of members. Rob will write this up before next meeting.   Need a mix of RDA and non-RDA people in advisory group.", 
            "title": "UAG"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/08-June-2017/#profiles", 
            "text": "Concentrate on the Strawman profile and not introduce extended profiles under the current proposal.", 
            "title": "Profiles"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/08-June-2017/#collections-api", 
            "text": "Yu can install the Collection API  Created ~4k objects in each the Collection API and in Handle System  Very simple test with some preformance measuring  Batch operations in development and some preformance improvement already implemented  Goal to attach to a handle service for PID minting, but this is not available yet", 
            "title": "Collections API"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/22-June-2017/", 
            "text": "RPID Meeting Agenda Items\n\n\n\n\nExamples\n\n\nPuppetizing\n\n\nKarst Node\n\n\nUAG\n\n\n\n\nAttendees: Larry, Isuru, Yu, Gabriel, Scott, Rob\n\n\nApologies: Beth, Bridget\n\n\nRPID Meeting Minutes\n\n\nExamples\n\n\nSEADTrain\n\n\n\n\nCompleted SEADTrain workflow. \n\n\nAssinged PIDs to airbox data. \n\n\nVMs do data analysis. Creating and resolving working on separate. \n\n\nDealing with domain specific metadata for research objects. \n\n\nMultiple data files each get a PID. Root level discription file. \n\n\nCreated ~100 PIDs. \n\n\n\n\nPRAGMA/Rice Genomics\n\n\n\n\nNext steps data objects created from a Galaxy workflow. \n\n\nGranularity is the big question. Each object or bundles of objects. \n\n\nComparing benefits of each option. \n\n\nIs both an option? Bundles and Items. \n\n\nDrive by use-cases. \n\n\n\n\n\n\nTwo modles, general linear and max linear models. \n\n\n\n\nJetstream VMs\n\n\n\n\nNo update.\n\n\n\n\nClassics\n\n\n\n\nNo update. \n\n\n\n\nPuppetizing\n\n\n\n\n\"I have some questions for the CNRI team on the x509 certificates in both the Handle Server and Cordra: will we be using only self-signed certificates in the test bed? Are we supporting HTTPS entry points on these? If so, the self-signed certs are likely to be problematic.  I was thinking we would do the initial setup with the self-signed certs generated by the services and allow for users of the puppet manifests to specify their own CA signed certs if they had them. Is this approach reasonable?\"\n\n\n\"A second question, specifically on Cordra - have we decided on a handle component for DTR records? I note that Cordra defaults to adding a .1- to the handle prefix for DTR records (at least I think that's what it's doing). I know we had a discussion about prefix components and that handles given to users of the test bed will  be 11723.9.test.* . Where do the DTR records fit in this?\"\n\n\nCreate a workflow document.\n\n\n\n\nDev Nodes\n\n\n\n\nOutage after internal maintenance. Scott is working to make sure servers are restarted on reboot. \n\n\n\n\nKarst Node\n\n\n\n\nCordra 1.0.7 or 2.0 Beta?\n\n\nStay with 1.0.7 unless there are performance issues. \n\n\n\n\nUAG\n\n\n\n\nAt https://rpidproject.github.io/rpid/UAG-Expectations/", 
            "title": "22-June-2017 Meeting"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/22-June-2017/#rpid-meeting-agenda-items", 
            "text": "Examples  Puppetizing  Karst Node  UAG", 
            "title": "RPID Meeting Agenda Items"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/22-June-2017/#attendees-larry-isuru-yu-gabriel-scott-rob", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "Attendees: Larry, Isuru, Yu, Gabriel, Scott, Rob"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/22-June-2017/#apologies-beth-bridget", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "Apologies: Beth, Bridget"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/22-June-2017/#rpid-meeting-minutes", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "RPID Meeting Minutes"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/22-June-2017/#examples", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "Examples"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/22-June-2017/#seadtrain", 
            "text": "Completed SEADTrain workflow.   Assinged PIDs to airbox data.   VMs do data analysis. Creating and resolving working on separate.   Dealing with domain specific metadata for research objects.   Multiple data files each get a PID. Root level discription file.   Created ~100 PIDs.", 
            "title": "SEADTrain"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/22-June-2017/#pragmarice-genomics", 
            "text": "Next steps data objects created from a Galaxy workflow.   Granularity is the big question. Each object or bundles of objects.   Comparing benefits of each option.   Is both an option? Bundles and Items.   Drive by use-cases.     Two modles, general linear and max linear models.", 
            "title": "PRAGMA/Rice Genomics"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/22-June-2017/#jetstream-vms", 
            "text": "No update.", 
            "title": "Jetstream VMs"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/22-June-2017/#classics", 
            "text": "No update.", 
            "title": "Classics"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/22-June-2017/#puppetizing", 
            "text": "\"I have some questions for the CNRI team on the x509 certificates in both the Handle Server and Cordra: will we be using only self-signed certificates in the test bed? Are we supporting HTTPS entry points on these? If so, the self-signed certs are likely to be problematic.  I was thinking we would do the initial setup with the self-signed certs generated by the services and allow for users of the puppet manifests to specify their own CA signed certs if they had them. Is this approach reasonable?\"  \"A second question, specifically on Cordra - have we decided on a handle component for DTR records? I note that Cordra defaults to adding a .1- to the handle prefix for DTR records (at least I think that's what it's doing). I know we had a discussion about prefix components and that handles given to users of the test bed will  be 11723.9.test.* . Where do the DTR records fit in this?\"  Create a workflow document.", 
            "title": "Puppetizing"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/22-June-2017/#dev-nodes", 
            "text": "Outage after internal maintenance. Scott is working to make sure servers are restarted on reboot.", 
            "title": "Dev Nodes"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/22-June-2017/#karst-node", 
            "text": "Cordra 1.0.7 or 2.0 Beta?  Stay with 1.0.7 unless there are performance issues.", 
            "title": "Karst Node"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/22-June-2017/#uag", 
            "text": "At https://rpidproject.github.io/rpid/UAG-Expectations/", 
            "title": "UAG"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/UAG-Expectations/", 
            "text": "Robust Persistent Identification of Data (RPID) User Advisory Group Expectations\n\n\nIntroduction\n\n\nThe RPID project seeks to engage members in an open User Advisory Group (AUG) of members of the community who can provide needs feedback and usage patterns of the PID testbed that the the project is deploying.   \n\n\nWho should join the AUG\n\n\nAnyone interested in the services provided by the RPID testbed can join. These users include but are not limited to:\n\n\n\n\nAnyone using the RPID Testbed. RPID testbed is open to research, education, non-profit, and pre-competitive use.\n\n\nThose wishing to provision a Handle service and Data Type Registry of their own and want to share knowledge\n\n\nResearchers wishing to add richer information into their PIDs\n\n\nThose exploring the strawman PID Kernel Information profile for their use (maybe add link to the strawman and other mappings that we might share)\n\n\nThose interested in the project and who feel they are something useful to contribute\n\n\n\n\nExpectations\n\n\n\n\nMembers are expected to attend two meetings over the next year to give feedback to the RPID Team. These will be held in a virtual environment at a convenient time for all US timezones.\n\n\nMembers commit to emailing any feedback or issues while using the RPID tools to rpid-l@list.iu.edu\n\n\nMembers commit to sharing their PID data interest or needs with the RPID Team. \n\n\n\n\nRPID UAG Organizers\n\n\n\n\nRobert McDonald, Indiana University\n\n\nRob Quick, Indiana University", 
            "title": "Expectations"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/UAG-Expectations/#robust-persistent-identification-of-data-rpid-user-advisory-group-expectations", 
            "text": "", 
            "title": "Robust Persistent Identification of Data (RPID) User Advisory Group Expectations"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/UAG-Expectations/#introduction", 
            "text": "The RPID project seeks to engage members in an open User Advisory Group (AUG) of members of the community who can provide needs feedback and usage patterns of the PID testbed that the the project is deploying.", 
            "title": "Introduction"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/UAG-Expectations/#who-should-join-the-aug", 
            "text": "Anyone interested in the services provided by the RPID testbed can join. These users include but are not limited to:   Anyone using the RPID Testbed. RPID testbed is open to research, education, non-profit, and pre-competitive use.  Those wishing to provision a Handle service and Data Type Registry of their own and want to share knowledge  Researchers wishing to add richer information into their PIDs  Those exploring the strawman PID Kernel Information profile for their use (maybe add link to the strawman and other mappings that we might share)  Those interested in the project and who feel they are something useful to contribute", 
            "title": "Who should join the AUG"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/UAG-Expectations/#expectations", 
            "text": "Members are expected to attend two meetings over the next year to give feedback to the RPID Team. These will be held in a virtual environment at a convenient time for all US timezones.  Members commit to emailing any feedback or issues while using the RPID tools to rpid-l@list.iu.edu  Members commit to sharing their PID data interest or needs with the RPID Team.", 
            "title": "Expectations"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/UAG-Expectations/#rpid-uag-organizers", 
            "text": "Robert McDonald, Indiana University  Rob Quick, Indiana University", 
            "title": "RPID UAG Organizers"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/UAG-2-February-2018/", 
            "text": "UAG Meeting Agenda\n\n\n\n\nOverview of RPID (R. Quick) \u2013 10\u2019\n\n\nDescription and progress of SEADTrain Use Case (Y. Luo) \u2013 5\u2019\n\n\nDescription and progress of PRAGMA Rice Use Case (Q. Zhou) \u2013 5\u2019\n\n\nDescription and progress of CTS-URN Use Case (A. Babeu, Y. Lou) \u2013 5\u2019\n\n\nDescription and progress of JetStream Use Case (R. Higgins, Y. Lou) \u2013 5\u2019\n\n\nUAG Goals and Expectations (R. McDonald) \u2013 5\u2019\n\n\nDescription of the Testbed and Cloud Set Up (S. Teige, Q. Zhou) \u2013 5\u2019\n\n\n\n\nQuestions and discussion \u2013 All \u2013 20\u2019\n\n\n\n\n\n\nLink to Slides: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1clVKdBB0kjlgrSrPXDaYqriCHSytuLT31FjpAFJo7h8/edit#slide=id.g306d851e53_0_429\n\n\n\n\n\n\nAttending: Rob, Scott, Nevan, Richard, Larry, Tim, Tobias, Mark, Alison, Gabriel, Yu, Jamie, Esen, Robert, Alex, Ryan, Christine, Tom", 
            "title": "UAG Meeting 2-February-2018"
        }, 
        {
            "location": "/UAG-2-February-2018/#uag-meeting-agenda", 
            "text": "Overview of RPID (R. Quick) \u2013 10\u2019  Description and progress of SEADTrain Use Case (Y. Luo) \u2013 5\u2019  Description and progress of PRAGMA Rice Use Case (Q. Zhou) \u2013 5\u2019  Description and progress of CTS-URN Use Case (A. Babeu, Y. Lou) \u2013 5\u2019  Description and progress of JetStream Use Case (R. Higgins, Y. Lou) \u2013 5\u2019  UAG Goals and Expectations (R. McDonald) \u2013 5\u2019  Description of the Testbed and Cloud Set Up (S. Teige, Q. Zhou) \u2013 5\u2019   Questions and discussion \u2013 All \u2013 20\u2019    Link to Slides: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1clVKdBB0kjlgrSrPXDaYqriCHSytuLT31FjpAFJo7h8/edit#slide=id.g306d851e53_0_429    Attending: Rob, Scott, Nevan, Richard, Larry, Tim, Tobias, Mark, Alison, Gabriel, Yu, Jamie, Esen, Robert, Alex, Ryan, Christine, Tom", 
            "title": "UAG Meeting Agenda"
        }
    ]
}